index.md, before:

﻿# Project Name/Title Goes Here
This will serve as a brief description of your project. Limit this to three sentences because it can become overly long at that point. This copy should draw the user in and make she/him want to read more.

| **Engineer** | **School** | **Area of Interest** | **Grade** |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Firstname Lastname | Current Highschool | Electrical Engineering | Incoming Senior

![Headstone Image](https://bluestampengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/improve.jpg)
  
# Final Milestone
My final milestone is the increased reliability and accuracy of my robot. I ameliorated the sagging and fixed the reliability of the finger. As discussed in my second milestone, the arm sags because of weight. I put in a block of wood at the base to hold up the upper arm; this has reverberating positive effects throughout the arm. I also realized that the forearm was getting disconnected from the elbow servo’s horn because of the weight stress on the joint. Now, I make sure to constantly tighten the screws at that joint. 

[![Final Milestone](https://res.cloudinary.com/marcomontalbano/image/upload/v1612573869/video_to_markdown/images/youtube--F7M7imOVGug-c05b58ac6eb4c4700831b2b3070cd403.jpg )](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7M7imOVGug&feature=emb_logo "Final Milestone"){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}

# Second Milestone
My final milestone is the increased reliability and accuracy of my robot. I ameliorated the sagging and fixed the reliability of the finger. As discussed in my second milestone, the arm sags because of weight. I put in a block of wood at the base to hold up the upper arm; this has reverberating positive effects throughout the arm. I also realized that the forearm was getting disconnected from the elbow servo’s horn because of the weight stress on the joint. Now, I make sure to constantly tighten the screws at that joint.

[![Third Milestone](https://res.cloudinary.com/marcomontalbano/image/upload/v1612574014/video_to_markdown/images/youtube--y3VAmNlER5Y-c05b58ac6eb4c4700831b2b3070cd403.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3VAmNlER5Y&feature=emb_logo "Second Milestone"){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}
# First Milestone
  

My first milestone was setting up and hooking up the Raspberry Pi and all the necessary components onto my tv. The heatsinks, the sd card, and the controller were all added to ensure that the Raspberry Pi was working. Instead of the Raspberry Pi Os software, I had to first download a different software called Retro Pie. With Retro Pie, I needed to download an Imager for Raspberry Pi. Raspberry Pi Imager automatically downloads a list of the latest versions of Raspbian supported by the Raspberry Pi. Raspbian is the typical Raspberry Pi Os software, the one I needed on the Raspberry Pi was Retro Pi. With the included SD card, I plugged in the SD into my computer and launched the Imager. The imager allowed me to set the Operating System to Retro Pi instead of Raspbian onto the SD card. With the OS imaged onto the SD, I plugged the SD card back into the Raspberry Pi and rebooted the system and Retro Bi booted up.

[![First Milestone](https://res.cloudinary.com/marcomontalbano/image/upload/v1612574117/video_to_markdown/images/youtube--CaCazFBhYKs-c05b58ac6eb4c4700831b2b3070cd403.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CaCazFBhYKs "First Milestone"){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}

Commit message:

started to create portfolio with first milestone information

index.md, after:

﻿# Image Recognition Using Raspberry Pi 
In this project, I use Raspberry Pi and TensorFlow to train the computer to interpret images of common objects and classify them. After analyzing the image, the Raspberry Pi will output the subject of the image to the user, providing a range of possible outputs and the chance of the image being each of the listed possibilities. 

| **Engineer** | **School** | **Area of Interest** | **Grade** |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Advaith Modali | Archbishop Mitty High School | Computer Science/Electrical Engineering | Incoming Senior

![Headstone Image](https://bluestampengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/facial-recognition-data-points-6.jpg)
![Relevant Name](https://www.raspberrypi.org/homepage-9df4b/static/532b4c25752c4235d76cc41051baf9ab/16e7d/877fb653-7b43-4931-9cee-977a22571f65_3b%2BAngle%2B2%2Brefresh.jpg)
  
# First Milestone
My first milestone was setting up the Raspberry Pi with the appropriate operating system and monitor, as well as writing the code in the terminal to complete basic image recognition of simple images. Using TensorFlow and Python, I was able to download all the necessary modules which contain files that carry out the process of image recognition. Following this, I trained the Pi with a simple image of a panda and it was able to produce a list of potential outputs of the animal which could be in the image, with the panda receiving the highest probability. However, the Raspberry Pi ran out of storage, so I continued the project on a Macbook. Towards the end of the peojct, I will transfer the model to the Pi, which will perform the classification. 

[![First Milestone](https://res.cloudinary.com/marcomontalbano/image/upload/v1612573869/video_to_markdown/images/youtube--F7M7imOVGug-c05b58ac6eb4c4700831b2b3070cd403.jpg )](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7M7imOVGug&feature=emb_logo "Final Milestone"){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}

# Second Milestone
My final milestone is the increased reliability and accuracy of my robot. I ameliorated the sagging and fixed the reliability of the finger. As discussed in my second milestone, the arm sags because of weight. I put in a block of wood at the base to hold up the upper arm; this has reverberating positive effects throughout the arm. I also realized that the forearm was getting disconnected from the elbow servo’s horn because of the weight stress on the joint. Now, I make sure to constantly tighten the screws at that joint.

[![Third Milestone](https://res.cloudinary.com/marcomontalbano/image/upload/v1612574014/video_to_markdown/images/youtube--y3VAmNlER5Y-c05b58ac6eb4c4700831b2b3070cd403.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3VAmNlER5Y&feature=emb_logo "Second Milestone"){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}
# First Milestone
  

My first milestone was setting up and hooking up the Raspberry Pi and all the necessary components onto my tv. The heatsinks, the sd card, and the controller were all added to ensure that the Raspberry Pi was working. Instead of the Raspberry Pi Os software, I had to first download a different software called Retro Pie. With Retro Pie, I needed to download an Imager for Raspberry Pi. Raspberry Pi Imager automatically downloads a list of the latest versions of Raspbian supported by the Raspberry Pi. Raspbian is the typical Raspberry Pi Os software, the one I needed on the Raspberry Pi was Retro Pi. With the included SD card, I plugged in the SD into my computer and launched the Imager. The imager allowed me to set the Operating System to Retro Pi instead of Raspbian onto the SD card. With the OS imaged onto the SD, I plugged the SD card back into the Raspberry Pi and rebooted the system and Retro Bi booted up.

[![First Milestone](https://res.cloudinary.com/marcomontalbano/image/upload/v1612574117/video_to_markdown/images/youtube--CaCazFBhYKs-c05b58ac6eb4c4700831b2b3070cd403.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CaCazFBhYKs "First Milestone"){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}
